Ranyah	Khan	9	"What’s red and really bad for your teeth?  a flying brick"
Joseph	Casagrande	4	There are only 10 kinds of people in the world: the ones who know binary and those who don’t.
Kareena	Keswani	4	Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
Donavan	Daniels	2000	My wife has been really annoyed with me recently because of how often I talk and act like a news anchor… but more on that after the break
Claudia	Chance	3333	i love better call saul so much... i wish lawyers were real :(
Paul	Kearney	189	I took the shell of of a snail, thinking it would make them faster, but it only made it more sluggish.
Dylan	Giletto	117	How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it
Rachel	Robins	88	"Why did the golfer change his pants? Because he got a hole in one!"
Jordan	Watson	777	What does Dr. Robotnik (now named Dr. Eggman) say when he was a pirate?  Eggs marks the spot!
Solenn	Gacon	18	Harry Potter speaks Parseltongue.. What does that make him? And which other language does he speak? Answers: Parser-tongue, Python
Talha	Mahmood	56	How did the bullet lose its job? It got fired.
Gary	Grotesque	423	Programming is like writing a book... except when you forget a semicolon on line 126 the whole thing makes no sense.
Shreya	Pamulapati	21	What kind of tea is hard to swallow? ... Reality
Philip	Stoyanov	13	"What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator!"
Andrew	Ngo	7777	What did the astronaut say to his clingy kid before launch day? I JUST NEED SOME SPACE!!!
Kai	Winterle	2413	What do you call a deer with no eyes? No Eye deer.
Kayla	Roth	17	How do you get an astronaut baby to fall asleep? You rocket
Shay	Patel	972	What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows! (Nobody nose)
Christina	Li	828	if carbo hydrate why is bread dry
Logan	Levine	2628	"Do you use your right or left hand to stir your hot chocolate?  Neither, I use a spoon."
Sean	Johnson	5	What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad away.
Zachary	Witte	7	Did you know that the average panda poops 40 times a day.
Ray	Yang	6969	my cabbages
Cole	McCaleb	7	What do you call a crab that doesn't share?Shellfish!!!
Joanna	Crisomia	720	Where did Noah keep his bees? In the Ark Hives
Suhas	Bolledula	7	Why should you never trust stairs? Because they are always up to something. 
Jon	O'Connell	13	As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice
Jakeb	Milburn	2	"How does the moon cut his hair?" "Eclipse it."
Michael	Woods	6	What’s a pirates favorite food? Cavi-ARRRRGH!
Simon	Brugel	1746	If I'm in a car and I press the gas and brake at the same time, does the car take a screenshot?
Lizzy	Kalfas	286	What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
Kaitlyn	Sullivan	69	Computer? I barely know her!
Tabetha	Chubb	17	What do you call Darth Vader when he's nervous? Panic-kin Skywalker
Anthony	Andujar	26	What did the pig say when it was hot outside? "I'm bacon out here!"
Heni	Patel	21	What do you call a fish with no eyes?A fsh
Joseph	Ayako	23	Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don't work.
Steven	Kraus	2240	What is a vampire's favorite bank? The blood bank.
Arjun	Manikyath	13	Why are jalapeños such good marksmen? Because they haben-arrow.
Ziang	Zhou	7	Why don't koalas count as bears? They don't have the right koalafications.
Sreya	Venkatesh	759	April showers bring may flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims!
Miryam	Ramirez	5	(I consider pickup lines jokes)  - Are you trash? because I like to take you out? 
Ryan	Sabourin	1337	My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the Philadelphia Zoo
Cornelia 	Meiss	4726	Two fish in a tank. One turns to the other: "Do you know how to drive this?"
Griselda	Grotesque	6931	I have a fear of giants.  It's called fee fiphobia.
Farhan	Ohe	16	"What do you call a factory that makes okay products?  A satis-factory."
Gia	Diaz	18	Why can't a nose be 10 inches long? Because then it would be a foot!
Grace	Melton	222	What do you call a sleeping T-Rex? A dino-snore!
Sabrina	Barr	187	What did the right eye say to the left eye? "Between you and me, something smells"
Miryam	Ramirez	5	what do you call a cow on the floor? ground beef!
Andrew	Roberts	8192	They did surgery on a grape
Annanya	Venkataraman	2	What did the tomato say to the other tomato during a race? Ketchup.
Jacob	Marks	8	What's Shimada with you? 
Ana	Donato	1302	"What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows."
Alex	Peluso	9999	What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor? Where's my tractor?
Quinten	Bettin	7	Where did the cow take his date? The MOOvies!
Cara	Nel	77	What’s brown and sticky? A stick
Aubrey	Ferguson	8345	What did one Frenchman say to the other? I have no idea; I don't speak French.
Eric	Tlaseca - Morales	10	Why are some people afraid of computers... Because they byte!
Mercedes	Mathews	19	Why are ghosts so bad at telling lies? Because you can see right through them
Kevin	Chau	2	How does a dog stop a video? By hitting the paws button!
Carlos	Lopez	4	What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh
Jenny	McKenna	2756	Why did the bear dissolve in water? It was a polar bear
Ryan	Sexton	7	What does a computer drink when it goes to the bar after a very tiring day? Screenshots!
Priya	Salako	6745	What is black, white, and red all over? A newspaper!
Andrew	Roberts	8392	Lemme get uhhh... BONELESS PIZZA
Michael	Bocelli	7	A knight approaches a duel with a block of cheese and their opponent asks, "How do you intend to fight me with cheese?", the knight responds, "It's extra sharp".
Christina	Li	9600	ur mom
Sneha	Nangelimalil	7	Why did the nurse need a red pen at work? In case she needed to draw blood.
James	Krienen	5	It takes a lot of balls to golf the way I do.
Connor	Westerman	24	What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college? Bi-son.
Kyle	Wright	7061	Why can't cows wear flip-flops? Because they lactose.
Yuhan	Lin	497	What is a computer's favorite snack? Computer chips.
Andrew	Fonseca	777	Why are crabs so bad at sharing? Because they're all shellfish.
Sydni	Wright	6	What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know but the flag's a big plus!
Jessica	Manchak	999	What did the DJ name his son? Er-ic
Thern	Diallo	800	I know a bunch of good jokes about umbrellas, but they usually go over people’s heads.
Gabriel	West	8776	Did you hear about the mathematician who hates negative numbers? She’ll stop at nothing to avoid them.
Cameron	Wine	64	What do you call a vampire whose car breaks down three miles from a blood bank? A cab.
Qingjian	Xu	36	"How do you tell a chemist from a communist?  A: ask them to pronounce “unionized.”"
Evan	Watson	42	I took the shell off my racing snail to make it faster, but if anything it made him more sluggish.
Connor	Wolf	500	"I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered."
Sean	Hennessey	99	What do you call a cow with no legs?  Ground beef!
Andre	Tobing	2	Someone caused a truck to overturn on the highway, apparently it was carrying wigs. The culprit hasn't been found, but the police are busy combing the area.
Penelope	Poltergeist	1313	When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein.